I want to talk about the imperial flag
because I wonder when they are ordinary
people And the imperials are you a member of some
patriotic organization from where
No, it’s just written We are Russians with us
God I hung because I am Russian with
me God is cool How did you know that
you  Russian how How did I know that
Russian Well, your parents were
Russians, my whole family has a Russian
grandfather From which region everyone was born on
Baikal I was also born
from where Russian is on Baikal Well, the Buryats
lived there
Oh damn Russians Why did you take that you are
Ukrainian from me  the ancestors from here in the
Smenitsky region from the Poltava region
took that the Ukrainians lived in the Khmelnytsky
region in Poltava lived What if, damn, I don’t
know, you have a mixture of blood there, you
may also have
lived Russians
on Baikal Russians when they appeared
appeared when Peter was still there Yes no,
even before  Petra, it
turns out Your relatives to Baikal
where did I come from, I didn’t go deep into
my fathers, that’s all they are all Russians
But you tell me no,
you can  not Russian you are Baikal
I’m Russian don’t look Russian what is the
nationality What is the name here I’m
Ukrainian there is a Pole Lithuanian And
what nationality do you have Russian don’t look
this is what
you want to play one deposit
say let’s say I’m Baikal Russian
you want this I just don’t understand
Chechen
Buryat We don’t speak Chechen there,
my nationality is Chechen
nationality Kalmyk
Rusich Russian
Russian Russian this is what
I don’t understand that you want me, I’m
telling you that I’m Russian [ __ ] you can call
me an Orc or I want to understand again
if I ask
Well, damn it’s Russian  such a
nationality is a declension you are
now telling me the declension is a Chechen, it’s
clear that he won’t say Chechen
Well, I’m Russian, so the nationality
is called Russian, they have
some other nationality that’s
called what kind of
Russian [ __ ] what difference
does it make besides Russian, there is also Estonian
Belarusian where  so the nationality
is called you want me
nazi  onality to the fact that my
nationality is called Russian because of
this, something like what date I want to
understand Russian, he’s a damn thing. What do you want to
say, maybe this is
some kind of Russia or Rusich?
once again
I don’t want you want me
what kind of Russian you are
There what a hairy white
pale-faced this
declension
you understand that there are surnames that do not
lean let’s say my friends have a
surname Berezka also a surname Berezka
why he is not birch and Berezka then
it doesn’t lean
Russian look I understand  For example, there is
a Russian Jew there, so there is a Polish Jew, a
Russian Chechen, for example, They just
said
what kind of a Russian
Jew is he, because a Chechen lives in Russia,
for example, there is a militant Which
Russian Why not Russian For
example, people who  created a nationality
how they created it Who created the nationality
you say How to understand it Russian
Who created it
Russians I don’t know who created the Russians Well, where did they come from where did the crests come from Ask the people who created the nationality how I created I can’t understand You want me I can’t understand that you want to pull me for my nationality I just want to What kind of Russian is that such an ordinary Russian Slav Russian I can’t I’m a Russian Slav everything What questions else, otherwise you are a Russian Slav Yes I’m a Ukrainian son I’m Ukrainian And you are by nationality who is Russian Russian [ __ ] What are you like I tell you who I am I and Russian Moscow for example St. Petersburg Russian nationality What kind of Russian I will repeat to you a thousand times once again, such a nationality is called Russian Are you what, how is it Look there is an American there Estonian German Englishman are called American and Russian [ __ ] just because Russian is what kind of American I can’t understand  What do you want
It's true
who are you Ukrainian who are you American who are you who are
you Russian
No well you just I can't understand what you
want to hear from me but I'm telling you
that I'm Russian I'll tell you every time
that I'm Russian I'm just  I can’t
understand you answer what length of hair
you are Here is what length of hair you are I am a Russian
[ __ ] you want to make me emotional
I can’t
name What is the name of your
nationality
that’s enough to answer what
kind of education you have or don’t catch up at all what kind of
education I have higher What
specialty did the
trainer remember
coach now I can train kids there in
the sports hall I graduated from the school of the
Olympic reserve I graduated from pizdos I
have a higher education in physical education I
understood Yes I am a programmer and a lawyer
Here I am also not a philologist like you so I
try to figure it out for us like a person and you
as a person so I  I don’t understand
now you’re talking about Russian with
us God we are what we are Moscow we are
Leningrad with us God is like a
Russian  This is who I understand you who I am
Russian It’s clear you don’t say I
’m Russian
and you don’t say I’m Ukrainian Yes I
say I’m Ukrainian who you are by
nationality Ukraine yes But you
just don’t wait you just
because my Nationality is not inclined to
[ __ ]
[ __ ] in the mouth in Russian, she doesn’t
lean How the hell do you have a
Ukrainian dick Let’s say it’s Ukrainian
devil or something else Yes,
let’s say she doesn’t lean in
Russian, everything doesn’t change for me that I’m
there, damn how are you  what did he say
, let’s say there is an American, yes,
my nationality doesn’t incline so much
, I just say
Russian everything is said on it
Why is everything
God doesn’t give out such names no
God gave us that we are Russian all
what difference again look again
God created  said here Ukrainians you will be
there Belarusians you will be Tatars And you
will be
Russians that is, Who the hell are you sitting in Poland
you want to say something again if
I can understand what the [ __ ] you want from  I’m
sure that we Nationality is not
leaning
Russian is whose, for example,
Ukrainian slave, for example, whose
Ukrainian And this is
Russo’s Russian slave or someone
saw on YouTube
such a bespectacled man sits like his
uncle Vova or how the hell is such a
man who loaded you there
damn you [ __ ] words
these words and ran away Yes he didn’t run away he
can watch the video with me
whose you are I remembered I was sitting [ __ ]
remembering
questions you don’t have an answer and you start
quacking something there
yes you didn’t have to say that you are whose Russian
who  you are by nationality
once again
whose nationality you don’t ask what you say who
you are but you are a crest
from behind
I don’t ask whose you are I ask who
who is at school
Russian whose here is the Russian language whose language is
Belarusian whose language
you’ve been sitting for 200 years explaining to me [ __ ] about
my nationality from  -for the fact that she does not
bow
I am Russian Well, you are Russian I am Russian That
is, you are not Russian I am Russian you are not
Russian look we call
Russians those who live in this country  not even
in our country there are more than 100 nationally, then
you are Russian Russians understand that you are
Russian there are Chechens Russian or not
you are Russian
you understand you are Russian I am Russian I
live in the country
Russian true
That's who you are Russian No I am Russian
In short, I don’t know
I’m
Russian
[laughter] to
all Ukrainians and all people who
support Ukraine so that he rises
who are you Russian, then no, I’m Russian, I
ask whose [ __ ]
stupidly compressed
[music]